docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, before:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `openshift_prometheus_proxy`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-openshift-prometheus-proxy`

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `template_parameters`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_UPSTREAM: https://prometheus-k8s.openshift-monitoring.svc:9091
OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_TLS_VERIFY: "service"
OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_HOSTNAME: openshift-prometheus-proxy.example.com
OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_SESSION_SECRET: ?{vaultkv:${customer:name}/${cluster:name}/openshift-prometheus-proxy/session-secret}
----

Parameters used to render the OpenShift template provided as part of https://github.com/appuio/openshift-prometheus-proxy[OpenShift Prometheus Proxy]

== `route_enabled`

[horizontal]
type:: boolean
default:: `false`

Whether to generate an OpenShift route object for the proxy.

== Example

[source,yaml]
----
openshift_prometheus_proxy:
  namespace: example-namespace
  template_parameters:
    OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_HOSTNAME: my-awesome-prometheus-proxy.example.org
  route_enabled: true
----

Commit message:

Make upstream template version configurable
Default to current HEAD commit sha (state as of 2020-02-15).

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, after:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `openshift_prometheus_proxy`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-openshift-prometheus-proxy`

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `template_parameters`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_UPSTREAM: https://prometheus-k8s.openshift-monitoring.svc:9091
OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_TLS_VERIFY: "service"
OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_HOSTNAME: openshift-prometheus-proxy.example.com
OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_SESSION_SECRET: ?{vaultkv:${customer:name}/${cluster:name}/openshift-prometheus-proxy/session-secret}
----

Parameters used to render the OpenShift template provided as part of https://github.com/appuio/openshift-prometheus-proxy[OpenShift Prometheus Proxy]

== `route_enabled`

[horizontal]
type:: boolean
default:: `false`

Whether to generate an OpenShift route object for the proxy.

== `version`

[horizontal]
type:: boolean
default:: https://github.com/appuio/openshift-prometheus-proxy/tree/1ed15714a0039221e6067ea6e218593f08c1d8b1[`1ed15714a0039221e6067ea6e218593f08c1d8b1`]

This parameter specifies which version of the upstream repository (as a Git tree-ish) to use when rendering the component.

== Example

[source,yaml]
----
openshift_prometheus_proxy:
  namespace: example-namespace
  template_parameters:
    OPENSHIFT_PROMETHEUS_PROXY_HOSTNAME: my-awesome-prometheus-proxy.example.org
  route_enabled: true
----
